Version 0.6 (yes we skipped one)
XYZ/rotanional control for 4 connected 3DOF legs with gtk gui
  .___.X.___.
./           \.
|             |

note: the firmware running on the controling hardware is in the usbtoI2c and servocontroller repositories. 
This repository contains the code that runs on the pc, doing the inverse kinematics and providing an interface.

CONTROLS
keyboard:
 'q' : disconnect timeout routine, resulting in no more controller polling.
 wasd : change both leg endPoints (up left down right)
 WASD : change single leg endPoint (leg dictated by the button with the arrow on it, click to switch)
 tfgh : rotate main body around z axis (tg) or y axis (fh)
 '`' : reset and reconnect usb.
 any key will refresh the actual servo positions stored in the device.
controller:
 right analog: same as wasd
 triangle: set analog mode for controller (red led on the controller)
 with R1 pressed:
  right analog: control leg 0
  left analog control leg 1


GUI
some visualization has been added.

NOTES:
----------------------------------
WINDOWS (minGW)
compiling 32-bit gtk under 64 bit windows is a pain, so support is dropped for now.

g++ (4 or higher)
libgmp
libmpc
libmpfr
gcc-core
gsl libraries: http://gnuwin32.sourceforge.net/packages/gsl.htm
change switch $(LINUX) with $(WINDOWS) in the makefile
note: some timings are wrong on windows atm, making input slow

32BITS:
the gsl libraries are 64 bit, so you'll have to build those yourself.


changelog:
------------------------------------------
fixes in 0.3:
-solver had a typo in one of the fomulas.
-neither of the legs will move if one of them can't.    

changes in 0.4:
-added playstation controller class to parse psdata from usbtoi2c
-added visual feedback of controller state
-added incemental stick control form the right analog stick
-fixed some issues with assigning angles to the servos

changes in 0.5:
-development files have been organized
-most/all positional information stored in vectors
-rotational matrix implemented
-expanded control scheme
-added accelerometer, discontinued for now
-added kalman filter, discontinued for now


changes in 0.6
-fixed massive bugs in solver, I can't believe it actually worked aas long as it did
-added two more legs
-changed servo layout due to rebuild of physical quadruped



